hey guys my name is Jesse D this is my
entry for this year ameri mystic nature
competition this is my assistant little
love and my model Chelsea Dean we're
going to be doing a look inspired by
Sheree balls gonna start with stage
performer it's a must have any single
kick with you're a beginner a model a
makeup artist make sure you wash your
hands and then what I do is just add
little dots all around the face it's
really great as a great smell use a
brush I prefer my fingers just to get
really into those end up places I'm
going to take my cream stick foundation
I'm just going to put in the essential
areas that you need to do it around her
nose to get rid of any pinkness there's
no need to put an entire face a
foundation alarm you should just
accentuate there we go we've got a nice
even base I'm going to start with the
shore Maura dreamy pedal palette it's a
really great cute cover got everything
from eye shadow eyeliner and a cream
blush this light pink or less color
close your eyes
and I'm just going to go on the corners
I'm just taking a fluffy brush and
applying it to the outer half all over
next I'm going to take my gold gel
eyeliner tiny brush I never pulled too
far up on the eyebrows just enough to be
able to get close to your lash line as
possible look straight ahead for me this
is the best eyelash curler and then hold
five seconds going in increments up the
eyelashes and you can do it as many
times as many sections as you want it so
I'm going to take the alternate
expression mascara an easy way to do
doing someone's eyes closing their eyes
and lifting up especially if they're
really not good with people touching
their eyes I'm going to take any sort of
blush brush I'm going to take this cute
little pink smile just slightly out of
your cheekbone and pull back
concentration the color should get the
apple of the cheek think we have these
really really fun lashes they're
actually individual they're not all
together so they're little strips super
cute what I normally do is get a flat
surface and these boxes are perfect for
it so I have them all here on this tray
or plastic or ever you're going to use
wax paper anything that you can easily
wipe off or easily pull off next I take
eyelash glue I just pop it right on that
surface can I take the end of a brush
when you brush and i take whatever one I
want to use first and I dip it and then
applied so I can get
much I want or however little I want I
want to take this one on the end open
wanna see where it's please close your
eyes and then I want to get a secure
okay when you finish with the eyelashes
you can go back over them with any gel
eyeliner I'm going to use this one just
to make them look more natural just go
over where you laid the blue and it will
blend them in I'm going to start with a
pop of pink I want to start in the
middle keep your mouth shut I'm using a
lip brush what I'm doing is taking the
nude and blending it into the pink open
your mouth getting inside the corners
and then you take the powder with a nice
big soft fluffy brush smells really good
and this is going to set the makeup you
don't need a lot just prevent any
creases
Wow so this is a final look I wanted it
to be romantic whimsical soft pretty and
especially feminine I wanted to show off
everything that the cherry blossom is
the Sakura flower is one of my favorite
son I'm glad that we got to do a contest
based on this then pretty sure they both
are pretty kawaii I think you guys
should go for me think little things you
should vote for me and Chelsea think you
should vote for her so vote for me oh oh
come on way by